CHAPTER 7


Barney Blimp had already scratched and felt for the back of his neckline several times, assuming it was the tag of this –his favorite navy blue t-shirt –that was causing the irritation, but as he wiggled to reach it again, he felt prickling and motion. Startled and sweaty, he swung his shoulders wide and propped himself against the rim of the bathtub with his right elbow, turning his body, head, and eyes toward their extremes to see that it was nothing but a Poinsettia, potted in golden foil-wrapped plastic atop the lid of the toilet tank so that its especially scratchy green, red-spattered leaves protruded well into the space of any occupant who happened to get comfortable enough on the pot to lean at all back.
“This is insane! You are all actuallyinsane,” came the unusually crass whine of Lazarus’ little brother –whom Barney had always struggled to name since they’d yet to have a significant 
interaction in the two years he’d been coming over –through the bathroom door from the kitchen.
“Yes, you’ve gotit so hard, don’t you? You know, when I was your age, I had to save my own money from the car wash for two summers just so I could pay for my own trip –bus ticket includedbecause my parents wouldn’t set aside the time to take me themselves… to Blackloadon the third,” replied the booming baritone of Mr. Luger, with whom Barney Blimp and the rest of The Limon 6–including his own son, Lazarus –avoided eye contact if at all humanely possible. He’d slid up from the basement over half an hour before and was long finished with his business, but the notion of traipsing right through the middle of the family dispute to get to the basement stairs –which was directly open to their argumentative kitchen –had paralyzed him there, waiting for a resolution or someequivalently appropriate opportunity to return back to the social safety of the Smash Bros.game on the downstairs TV. The side effects of his anxiety were then further exacerbated by the stillness of the humid heat in the Luger house, which was never within much of a confined temperature, as suburban houses purposely tend to be. Though theirs was by far the largest, most convenient, and most accommodating gathering place offered by the parents of the 6, it managed in many subtleties –like the nagging placement of the Poinsettia 
plant, the air of disuse created by the stubborn geometric perfection of the vacuum rows left in the unblemished white carpet, and the required assistance of an occupant to navigate the particulars of either entrance –to be just uncomfortable enough to discourage one from spending large, unbroken blocks of time within it. It was an especially searing July evening in Limon –outside, the turbulent energy was just beginning to bleed off from the earlier one-hundred degree high, yet throughout Barney Blimp’s extended bathroom stay, the wide brown vent before him had yet to offer any cooling pity for the sweatsoaked, red-cheeked teen.
From the kitchen came a huff and an obnoxious tirade of shuffling papers.
“Well I think things have changed, Dad,” whined the smallest Luger again. “Do you remember the old brochure having a flying saucer with a crucifix insignia? Do you remember it mentioning ‘preparing oneself to graduate from the physical to the purely psychospiritual realm?’”
…
“Or saying anything about bringing ‘only the most sentimental touchstones and humble garments the child wishes to carry with them to the other side?’”
…
“Or how about the following sentence, which reads ‘though the child may choose to bring these for comfort, theymay also choose to come to us unsoiled and unclothed, as they came to the physical Earth; as they shall leave it as childs and pilgrims of Blackload,’ huh? Does that sound right to you, Dad?”
…
“Look, I think they’re just tryin’ to say in a clever and funny way that’cha cain’t bring ya Gameboy, son.”
Through his nose to maintain his stealth, Barney Blimp sighed. His thighs were beginning to stick bothersomely to the toilet seat and –in his eavesdropping’s intense fixation –he’d been fooled twice again bythe unmannerly plant. He reached behind him and moved it to the bathtub, taking great care to set it silently down. From under the floral tiles beneath his jean-topped sneakers came an unintelligible shout from Liam in the basement along with the easy lowfrequency knock knocksof East coast hip-hop. He leaned forward to slide the slats of the lifeless grate open in time to hear “…without rule of law,” and closed it again. Carefully holding the loose steel clasp of his belt to keep it from jingling, he rose, deliberately did up his clothes, and stepped at once to the shag mat in front of the plain white door.
“I don’t care… Anything else! Literallyanything else, Dad!”
Barney grasped the brass doorknob gradually so as not to wiggle it within its execrable bracket and turned smoothly out the bolt so that he could crack it open just enough to see the kitchen counter.
“Look… I’m not trying to be the bad guy here, you know,” said the huge Mr. Luger more somberly now from where he was stationed with his coffee mug by the empty sink. “I never had so much fun as I did at Blackload, I don’t think, and it’s not like I could ever go again. Think about that!”
…
“Never! No matter how much I paid or pleaded, and oh man, I wish I could… You bet… Sure do… You got no idea.”
Sitting on the opposite four-legged stool with only the short spikes of his gelled scalp and the back of his gargantuan M*A*S*H* t-shirt facing Barney’s crack was the befuddled Little Luger.
“Dad… I can’t go to this. I will go anywhereelse! Vacation bible school, Dad! I will go to vacation bible school!”
…
“I would rather waste my whole summer in the church basement watching The Lion Kinga billion times with braindead toddlers if you want, but you can’tmake me go to Blackload.”
…
Barney’s observation was abruptly soiled by a broiling spike of agony from his abdomen so consuming and intense that a shrill yelp leapt out of his mouth through his peeping gap directly at the talking two in an extended, dramatic resonance. And yet –as the spike melted as quickly as it had sprung into a dull, wet ache –he noticed that they had not reacted to the cry, nor turned to discover him. This is odd, he thought, but the garbled sounds their two mouths now emitted were stranger still –gibberish, indecipherable –yet within the maintained tonality, though, of their respective pouter and soother positions within the summer camp debacle. Barney Blimp tried to inspect his ears with both probing pinky fingers, but they were much too big to fit.
“Eeg,” said Little Luger in protest, gesturing angrily at the pamphlet in front of him.
“Eeg,” his father responded, leaning his large belly and mug over the counter, obediently inspecting the literature in apparent confounding thought. Motion in Barney’s periphery moved 
his attention from the two to the mouth of the stairwell across the kitchen to their left, where –through the gaps between the white support legs of its border railing –a suspended silver cylindrical condenser microphone floated fluidly, slowly upwards, rising up the slope of the stairs, its head and illuminated green power-indicating light facing the pair as they continued arguing obliviously in tongues. As it crept, its mount and adjacent black metal pole stand came into his view –steadily on its careful course –then a white hand with red painted nails; the tip top of Lexi’s blond bowl cut and elven ears. From the bathroom door, Barney saw her stop just short of peeking above the kitchen floor, her grip for an instant wavering before all sound and motion ceased –at once, father and son stopped speaking and looked fast at the microphone where it hung just below the wood rail, recording them.
The three were trapped as such for an epoch: the father, against the counter, face toward the invading equipment without expression; the son, opposite him and looking also with his chin on his thumbs; Lexi, out of their line-of-sight, held fast, and then retreating down with the contraption at the pace she had come, descending with the device, which the duo followed in unison with only their eyes as it went down beneath the floor again.
“Boop!” said a damp voice from ahead. Cold bone pushed on Barney’s nose and it all went black and under, then yellow again. He sniffled and it was rubber –the odor of a high school gym. “Boop!” again, and the breath was louder, but he shot open his eyes and grabbed the bone. It was an unhealthily yellowed index finger attached to the strangely-balding man above him and his graph paper collar, grinning gray teeth, and a cleft chin.
“Goodmorning, Barney, my friend,” he said, “it is the time for you to awaken.”
“Egch,” was all the reply he was obliged, for the abdomen ache had been mortally enlarged and was again returning –with its grimacing victim –to life. Barney involuntarily abandoned his hold on the man’s finger to hold with both hands his own tortured middle.
“Fuck. Ow,” he groaned.
“There he is, BJ, the winner of the Eastminster Kennel Club’s Best in Show Award…”
In front of his clutched stomach and the white floral slopes of his blanketed knees and feet was the hellish appliance –the tiny, cracked television, now strapped on top of a distressed black metallic cart with the wide dirty yellow band of a tow rope, placed so close as to be in apparent contact with the foot of his hospital bed, which had been wheeled into a windowless, much more sinister space. The tiles of the ceiling were stained all over and the faded custard 
wallpaper was contemptuously torn in the far corner from the obscured doorway behind a gigantic, crosshatchedpile of wooden and blue plastic clipboards that filled most of the unevenly lit floor space –certainly taking up half as much again the space made for Barney Blimp and company.
“A great-looking dog.”
“He walks like a winner.”
“For God’s sake… Who… the hell… are… you people?” he asked with great effort, wincing through his teeth. The yellowed man had turned his daft, gray grin away and flipped through the crisp paper sheets on the clipboard in his forearm’s crook, pausing to belch once, twice, and thrice, churning his chin into many again and again with his nodding.
“Barney, wow… It’s good to see you up and at’em again, eh?... I’m Dr. Bill, a resident psychiatrist here at St. Nicolas General.”
…
“Dr… Bill-”
“…Dr. William Gravel, that is.”
…
“Why… have I been moved? What… the hellis this room? The pain…”
Dr. Gravel looked his way again with unsettlingly white eyes, belching under his breath, emptily grinning.
“Ah, well, this is Clipboard Locker three, you see… Didn’t think these just appeared willy nilly outa thin air, didja? Aha,” he laughed hollowly and briefly held up his board in displayed emphasis before licking quickly his fingers in that foulest of fingery quick-licking ticks found in far too many of the most off-putting people, returning them then tovile scrunching and rubbing of what was presumably Barney Blimp’s medical chart.
“At this point,” he said, chin retreating in another emission, “we moved you here, you see… because there seemed to be a problem when we tried to run your insurance, I’m afraid.”
“You… what? You… can’t… you can’t do that?”
…
“Oh jeez, I’m really sorry Barney, buddy… At this point, I’m afraid we can’t give you anything more for the pain until you answer a few questions for me… Don’t worry, though, we will get it all figured out in no time at all.”
“…The former General raw and red-eyed as he defended the President…”
“At this point… I’d like to formalize things, if you don’t mind,” said Dr. Gravel, belching and clicking his ballpoint repeatedly after dismounting it fromthe board. “Uh… Give me just a moment… uhhuh.”
“…Good morning, Geoff…”
The doctor marched around the bed, scooting and flattening himself between the TV cart and the decrepit wall, briefly disappearing behind the cover of a filthy old-fashioned hospital screen to produce a rolling chair with matching white leather upholstery.
“…The driver, look at this…”
Both the hinges andthe cracking cushion creaked as he sat, leaning at once much too far back, then regaining balance with his lifted legs and a loathsome “whoopsie!” Barney Blimp, still clutching, set to sucking in a great, to-capacity breath.
“TURN OFF THE FUCKING…” he screamed.
“Hello, aha,” said Dr. Gravel, with his chins and his belching.
…
“Good afternoon, Mr. Blimp, I am Dr. William Gravel, resident psychiatrist at St. Nicolas. At this point, I’d like to conduct your initial examination interview, if that’s alright with you. How are you feeling today?”
“Hello, Bill. Turn off the fucking TV please.”
…
“I’m sorry?”
“For the love of God, turn off the fucking television… Right there!” yelled Barney, sitting up with all his effort, indicating with both outstretch hands to the blabbering set at his feet, palms pleading toward the ceiling stains, “RIGHT THERE… TURN. IT. OFF.”
“Gee, Barney…” said Dr. Gravel, following his patient’s desperately distressed eyes, “I can’t really do that at this point, I’m afraid… That TV is part ofthis whole regimen… You need it! You need it to feel better.” He and his chins belched on his board and again his fingers performed the quick-licking tick. Barney Blimp –having exhausted the energy he had saved in his rage –flopped back in on his unfulfilling pillows, moaning.
“We’ve got what looks to be a… Ha ha, well… a miniature troughof chili right here in front of us. Wow!...”
“At this point,” belch, licking tick, “I'm going to ask you a few questions that may seem a bit silly, but it's important that you try to answer them honestly and accurately, okay? We can laugh about them, no problem, but the actual answers from you need to be serious ones, if you can, okay?”
“…Yes, that’s an understandable contrast to make, Jack…”
“Let’s begin with your name.Can you tell me your full name?”
…
“Barney… Barry… Blimp,” he answered, clutching his middle again and looking serenely at the front of Theodore Pith’s t-shirt on the TV with just his neck.
“Excellent, Barney… Okay, now… Today’s date?”
…
“Barney?... The date, buddy.”
…
“Saturday… March tenth.”
“Perfect,” said Dr. Gravel, belching and scribbling with his crude, scratching instrument.
…
“And, can you tell me where we are now?”
…
Amidst a chorus of agony and new epiphany, Barney laid back flat and began shuffling downward in his bed toward the cart by gyrating his hips.
…
“Barney, can you tell me where you are? Maybe what this room is?”
…
Grunting and breathlessly cursing, the shuffling progressed steadilyand Barney’s feet soon escaped the floral sheets, exposed toes touching the cold metal cart.
“…Well, there it is… You’ve got to love that humor!...”
“Alrighty, then, why don’t we come back to that one? No problem at all, buddy… How about the President? Can you tell me who the President is right now?”
…
Satisfied with his distance from the box and grimacing, Barney dug in his elbows and pushed against the towering black object of his torture with the gowned-above-the-knees might 
and unabashed howling of childbirth, tipping it insufficiently at first, then allowing it to swing back against the bed before adding all available gumption to the assisting action of his knees.
“…What kind of a shirt is that?...” asked Jaime Jangles in finality as she fell back out of Barney’s sight with the thing, crashing, buzzing, and then entirely quieting, to his short-lived relief.
…
“Whoopsie!” belched Dr. Gravel.
...
On a clear day in the springtime, the United States Air Force Academy just north of Colorado Springs is an unequaled, head-looseningly airy and metallic experience with its acres of flat, entirely rectangular aluminum-covered facilities26devoid of all but the most nominal distinguishing features, low and wide, but architecturally focused to culminate in its famous chapel –the historic purebred brutalist structure at the geographic center of the Cadet Area designed by architect Walter Netsch, who could not have delivered a single more effective 
26 So metallic is the Academy’s campus that it was for a time jestingly referred to as “Aluminum U” by students and faculty of Annapolis and Westpoint. 
symbol of traditionalist American values redressed and repurposed intoa gargantuan armored war machine. On this early afternoon, two pair and one threesome of seamless khaki-wrapped Cadets walked measuredly around the intensely reflective white rectangular concrete circuit toward which the chapel doors faced inward and its monolithic presence loomed, smiling more than seemed reasonable in their surroundings, reflecting even more of the unencumbered sun off of their perfectly white teeth up the naturally-bordering hill of the West edge, where Lily Tharp and Theodore Pith leaned their folded forearms against the thick concrete wall of the elevated walkway and squinted27toward the bizarre scene below. 
27 Both had refrained from wearing their sunglasses in a mutually unconscious sense of how tacky it would be for tourists to wear aviators in the Cadet Area. 
“I do wonder where they get so much of whatever it is they have,” said Pith.
“They’re just kids,” replied Lily.
“Kids with gifted IQs, perfect eyesight, above-average reflexes, and completely neurotypical brain function, yeah.”
A breeze shifted and spiraled from the first corner of the path from around the hill’s base, 300 yards behind them, buffeting Theodore’s Curls and whipping stray strands about Lily’s bun.
“I could’ve done it. Probably still could. I’ve heard they never stopped requiring fighter pilots to take Adderall, though.”
“I believe all’a that. We could go down and ask for a hookup but I think that church must be a complex surveillance apparatus of some kind… I’m surprised they let us roam around this close, unsupervised.”
A red-tailed hawk’s shadow panned along the bottom edge of their entranced vision and they both looked up –hands to their foreheads for shade –just in time to see its splayed feather wingspan descend behind the far side of the chapel, out of sight.
“Do you actually want to learn to fly? I could pay for it, you know,” Pith asked, glancing imprecisely in her more sunlit direction.
“You’d just demand that I fly you everywhere.”
…
“That’s not true in the slightest, but I would definitely expect a ridealong or two during which you allow me to screw around on the radio.”
…
“I don’t think I’ve ever been anywhere like this.”
“It’s like a future caste of technocatholic elites built an industrial Eden on the top of a mountain above the clouds.”
“Yeah, my Uncle said he was an officer, but I don’t think he could miss mentioning this place.”
“Ya know… it reminds one a lot of-”
“Workin’ on it.”
“Well, thanks. It’s just a really exciting prospect to restore something like that… Open it up to exhibits, even? I would be the God of hams for the rest of time.”
“And if, indeed, I am able to actually acquire for you the ownership of what was not-so-long-ago top-secretacreage containing top-secret equipment within a foreign nationally-sealed exclusion zone, Iwill be yourGod.”
“That’s very true.”
“Though technically, they’ve only continued to maintain the zone out that far because it’s become a wildlife refuge.”
“Which would be even more difficult to swing were it legally classified as such.”
“Ah, well… If it happens, it happens.”
Four of the walkers had departed the circuit, but the group of three was having another go, one of whom was walking backwards, toe-to-heel in front of them, telling an animated story with his napkincap in his fist. Theodore Pith inhaled deeply and cupped his hands into a cone around his mouth, which he pointed straight at the gaggle and screechedat an inhumanly high frequency for just a quarter second before jerking around to look up the hill behind him, enacting bewilderment. He saw the sound had distracted and slowed theCadets and turned their smiles to mild puzzlement.
“Let’s go find a drink somewhere,” he said.
...
Chief Technical Officer Peter Built had planned to be unreachable for at least an entire workweek –if not eternity –after the fateful Thursday when the billionaire and Barney Blimp had made a joke of his career and shit on his conference table in a single morning, but come noon on Monday, he woke up in his bathtub –pruned and badly chemically burned from the bleach he’d poured in at the end of the previousevening –to a backlog of incoherent emails, texts, and voicemail messages –mostly from Madge Teeth –in which she sounded far more ecstatically surprised than he’d ever actually heard from a human being, though completely and 
entirely incoherent, as if she’d taken a humongous dose of Peyote. When he managed to log in to the office chat server on his smartphone with what remained of the dissolving flesh of his thumbs, he was whole-body astonished to find the routine passive aggressive cross-department correspondence and bullshit Associate question volume he’d have expected by this time on every Monday before this one for as long as he could remember.
After a brief and frank internal debate between his extreme exasperation with existence and immense curiosity over how and why the office he’d seen totally annihilated just four days before appeared to have returned to normal work, he resolved that he was much too pruned and uncomfortable to kill himself, so he began upon the task of gathering up the layers of drooping red skin in his arms to escape from the acrid tub, sloshing the terrible fluid about the linoleum as he stepped heroically onto the large pile of smoldering ashes of the self-help books he’d burned on the tile during his strange last-night rituals. Stopping by the master closet, he walked in to find it totally emptied of both his and Ingrid’s belongings –including hangers –and containing only in its very center her pet tarantula, Bo, who looked solemn.
He’d even left the gas stovetop on, hoping to leave Earth in a fireball, but the burners had been inexplicably lit without any evidence of combustion, so they’d accomplished nothing but 
running up the bill all night. After some seriously effortful nude recollection and a few swigs of isopropyl alcohol from under the kitchen sink, he remembered one hateful diving trip with his in-laws in the summer of 2007 and dashed across the house, dripping to the garage, where his car was still parked in the far space, thank Gourd, though heavily vandalized. Ingrid, he assumed, had used the can of John Deere Yellow spraypaint he’d bought years ago (intending to touch up a large scratch on the flank of a riding mower which they no longer owned) to write S C R U Bacross the already-filthy vehicle’s left side. This indecency, however, he barely registered. Instead, he approached the space under the high shelf in the far corner and jumped repeatedly into the plywood wall, grabbing for the ratty, disfigured cardboard box resting atop it. It inched forward as he leapt again and again, heaving and sweating naked bleach droplets until the dusty-ass hunk finally fell upon him, breaking open upon its contact with the concrete to reveal a filthy, cobweb-covered wetsuit.
...
It was an amalgamation of partial Limon truths, now –images of faces, landmarks in different seasons, and fragments of specific memories colliding with each other in continually-upended attempts to align cohesively: Leona, Lexie, and Leo smoking ditchweed from a one-
hitter on a cloudy Fall evening at the y-lot; confronting Liam after class with Lazarus about the cruelty in shooting his dad’s cows with a BB gun for sport; riding a flea-infested queen mattress towed behind Lexi’s boyfriend’s loud little pickup truck through suburbia like a raft; picking up a free piano from a classified ad only to destroy it in the park with its own legs the same day, screamingin a frenzy for the camcorder; his quaint, speedy mother –either completely understanding his time of need to explore and dissect his selves, or simply… not, but always as present as she could possibly be. In retrospect, it was always much more of the first.
Gradually, sounds somewhere between familiar music and familiar voices joined with the collage to produce an immensely powerful, unexpected ache which Barney Blimp had not experienced in so long he’d all but forgotten its sensation. It was deepening like vertigo, but warm –a sore release. It lapped up his heart and ran down his limbs until his toes buzzed before it all circled back to his nose as itsfocal point, unleashing huge waves of nostalgia on the rich anomalous presence of his favorite smell: wood-smoked barbecue in the late-evening Fall chill, which he both celebrated and desperately mourned because it could never, ever be recreated as it wassupposed to be –with those it was supposed to be. He began to grow quickly angry at his subjection to this ache unnecessarily.
And then there was lightand the dream’s smell was replaced by the imponderous and much less activating odor of diluted disinfectant as Barney caught his bearings enough to realize he was back upstairs in his original room at St. Nicholas, but the television was gone, and his remaining abdominal discomfort was tiny and dull. A thunderstorm was just concluding its business outside his window, and for a moment he felt confident that he would be able to coax the pressure in his throat to the surface and finally get some long-overdue crying out of the way, but he lost his grip and it slipped curtly back into his familiar state of generalized rage.
The Hell Tablet from before had been replaced on the mounted swinging tray by his own smartphone, which had even been plugged into an outlet to charge. For a moment, he considered if Good Morning America, Dr. Gravel, and Clipboard Room #3 had been nothing more than a wild fever dream –perhaps even Theodore Pith and his destructive office breakdown! Picking up the handset, though, he realized that it was not his, but in fact an unused example of its successive generation that had been restored from whatever was left of his old device after he pillaged MapQuest. Unlocking it, he was made immediately uneasy noticing that eight whole days had passed since the last time he remembered being conscious, and even more so by the first email in his inbox.
To: barn@mapquest.comFrom: t@pi.thDate: Friday, 03/16/2018 1647Subject: Get well soon/updates on the future!
Barney!
I’m sorry we didn’t get a chance to be introduced formally. It seems you attempted to eat your old phone, so this one’s on me!.
I hope your recovery is progressing smoothly! I’ve had an interesting first week here at MapQuest, but from what I’m hearing, it sure sounds like this office just isn’t the same without you around! We’re pretty close to settling on our OKRs through the end of theyear –no rush, of course –but I want to wait on any hard tech decisions until we have your input back.
Know that you are free to reach out to me personally at any time with any questions, suggestions, and/or feedback.