CHAPTER 8


By the Monday after The Incident, MapQuest’s new Chief Operating Officer, Lily Tharp had remotely arranged the significantly expedited insurance appraisal, cleanup, refinishing, repainting, refurnishing, remodeling, and re-equipment of the 1555 Baker St. office with modernized server architecture, desktop machines, and state-of-the-art Enterprise-class laser printers from her smartphone on the road. The space’s new look was a reimagination of the previous design, drawing from the same color palette, but darkened and shifted, and its 
haphazardly speckled light wood deleted in favor of matte black sound-absorbing and soft-touch alcantara. Arriving minutes after sunrise, Lily was the first to experience the results of her work, and the smell of new paint combined with the young day’s light to present a rejuvenated MapQuest that wasn’t any more hip than the dated old layout, but for her felt significantly less like a graveyard, at least.
Both the already-negligent CEO and CFO had officially vanished with the lastscraps of the budget AOL had been throwing the company quarterly, deleting their LinkedIns, locking their other social accounts, and dropping off Tharp’s immediate radar, which was –including what they’d legally stolen –so inconsequential that she’d delegated away their severance because she couldn’t be bothered to retain any memories of their existence. In less than a week, she had become MapQuest’s senior executive and completely redesigned its working environment. She had commandeered Peter’s corner office and expanded it dramatically so that every employee and guest would be immediately greeted by her steady, deep blue eyes above the immense span of her black desk, full-on upon entering the work floor and know immediately who it belonged to.
...
For the first time since the Zuckerberg scandal (as far as he could remember,) Lenny Lather arose, sober, before 10 on Monday morning to an empty Nice, Bigin complete clarity. Refraining even from the French press, he departed the great house in sneakers and khaki shorts only two minutes after rising, bound for the corner diner a mile and a half down the road toward town. As he walked through the chaff on the sidewalk from yesterday’s first mass-mowing of the year, he meticulously turned over each of the major events and decisions in his recent past which had led him to destitution, living off of a young billionaire –financially and energetically –in the middle of Wisconsin, rapidly approaching fifty and his honest-to-goodness lastlast chance to redeem his career on the promise of a good story which his subject made sure he was always too high to write. And this was the second consecutive variation on this most unlikely of themes: young billionaires ruining his career.
At the diner, he gulped down eggs, toast, and four glasses of water before setting off over the same sidewalk upon which he came. All it would take for him to actually get the story on Theodore Pith –the young man who’d treated him like a stray dog with amusing habits –was the slightest bit of moderation, and he’d have a first-person account in the most intimate detail of how this reckless, absurdist young mogul lived, and he couldn’t possibly be more primed for 
public distaste –much less for accountability to the law. As he walked past the driveway upon which a round retiree was waxing his cabin cruiser for the new season, Lenny Lather committed to becoming relevant and respected again and made no motion to return the boatist’s friendly wave. Now, he had absolutely nothing to lose, and no excuse for hesitation or journalistic piety. Upon his arrival back at the house, he ignited a hot mid-day inferno in the study’s vast fireplace and methodically fed every single jumbled page of his notes from the past year to the flames. When it was all finished and burning, he sat erect in the red leather armchair with the thick curtains drawn over the tall windows in only the light from the blaze. Still in his sneakers and pouring sweat down his legs, he looked deep into the heart of the roar with a Parker between his fingers and a blank steno on his knee.
...
Theodore Pith arrived at the Baker St. office swooping in an all-black suit a few minutes after twelve o’clock, as the 20 employees of the new MapQuest who’d mustered the courage to show up on its first day had only then paused their work to partake timidly in the five-star catered Greek lunch which Lily Tharp had insisted upon in the common area. Only Madge Teeth had thought to bring her new laptop to the bar, on which she ruthlessly pounded out 
email after email into its very clicky new keys as she munched on quiche. Most of those brave enough to have remained worked in Customer Support, and were therefore most accustomed to static workstations, but upon their arrival throughout the morning –it tookmany varying amounts of self-soothing to must the courage to return to the office so soon –new desktop machines awaited each on (or in) their assigned spaces, along with new full-sized laptops, still in box. Two of the rigs still needed to be properly set up, and the boss had been expected at lunchtime, so the crowd was understandably antsy and they chewed like starving mules as he and his top-combed bobbing blood curl strut into view, quickly slowing at their obvious fright.
“Now what is wrong, bunch?”
He spread his legs wide, rested his hands on his hips and pivoted slowly to look in every downturned face from his own frown before abruptly sliding the two strides to the office’s new big-door stainless steel fridge and produced from the pocket of its yet-to-be-cooling door, a seven-eighths-full bottle of Macallan 18, which he plunkeddown on the wood short-bar, raising his eyebrows.
“Every one of you is going to take a swig of this, right now,” he ordered, looking between them again.
“Uh, I don’t drink, and it’s like one PM on a Monday,” Madge said, returning her attention to her computer.
A few murmured chuckles played through the largely stool-sat crowd.
“Fine –you’re the only one that doesn’t need it but I’m not kidding… Everybody needs to come up here right now and take at least a single drink of this… I can see it in your faces.”
…
“Look, I’m sorry… I know this is the worst possible way to meet your new boss, but there are rare moments in life when all etiquette may be forgone in the face of evident truth, and the truth is…. Evidently, all of you need a goddamned drink!”
Real grins and more voluminous har hars, now. Shad Balch –MapQuest’s last remaining web developer and the only of the crowd Pith yet knows by name –dismounts his stool and tugs the front of his sweater down, shaking his head lazily, chuckling as he arrives across the bar and is handed the whole bottle, dipping his arm and widening his eyes for a moment.
“Jez,” he said, tipping the whole crowd –including Madge, even –into full-on, red-faced, pneumatic hammer-like cackling. Finally, others slowly move to line up behind Shad, who’s timidly raising the bottle’s attitude, sniffing and face-scrunching, but still giggling enough that 
his unsteadiness unfold’s Pith’s arms to the ready out of instinct as he cringes in view of the pitiful spectacle before him. He’s just inhaling to complain when Shad finally goes for two moderate gulps, his entire upper face theatrically squeezed shut with his eyes even still when he drops it and exhales twice as loud as was necessary and sets the bottle hastily down in front of Pith to scurry off like a 7-year-old who’s just been made to take his cough medicine.
“Oh come on! That’s the best stuff there is!”
Pith rather firmly explains that the communion method is the most efficient for a moderately sized group like theirs to ingest alcohol from a single bottle when the support tech fourth in line twice insists that they “should just pass it around,” actually blurting out “you’re fired” but catching it quick to laugh it off as a tease.
“She’s pregnant and I’m her attorney so square up, bitch,” barked Lily upon her arrival from her office, abruptly silencing the bits of chatter that had sprouted up in the line and moving all eyes to follow her as she nonchalantly bent down to grab a vine of purple grapes out of the loose grocery bag under the bar.
“You wanna check in now, T?” she asked, rinsing them off.28 
28 Lilith Tharp is the one human being ever to walk the Earth who can refer to Theodore Pith as “T,” “P,” or occasionally even “TP,” without incurring his terrible wrath in the form of some horrific public embarrassment. 
“Absolutely,” said Theodore, setting the scotch down gingerly on the touchpad of Madge’s laptop.
“No exceptions –even pregnancy,” he said.
Theodore shut Lily’s office door behind him so they could allow themselves a single, consolidated laugh. He clasped his hands behind his back and faced the framed, skillfully blown-up Dixie Chicks poster she’d alreadymanaged to have hung in the dead center of the new black paint on the far wall from her desk. She sat and wrestled for a moment with the computer display before freeing its base from an oversized brass hinge buried in the black wood desk. Pith began swaying side-to-side on his hips ever so slightly, still admiring.
“Shad Balch,” he said.
…
“Shaaad Balch,” she replied.
“Shadbalch… BALCH.”
Breaking the spell upon him by the Goddesses on the dark wall, he turned to find the loveseat in the corner was the onlyseating yet to arrive, so he sat on its armrest, crossing his arms and legs.
“So the post,” began Lily, appearing as if tiny, peeping at him from behind her huge desk, a dozen and a half feet away.iv 
weekend, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude for your continued reliance on MapQuest to help you get where you're going. I may only be beginning my second week on this side of the screen, but I've been using MapQuest directions my entire adult life! We have quite a bit in common already, then, and I can tell you that it's only thanks to invested users like yourselves that our jobs are made possible! 
 
As well as our thanks, you also have our undivided attention as MapQuest users, so I've launched this blog to 1) provide a better interface between us to make sure our intercommunication with you is as smooth as available resources allow and 2) build a better context on where and when we travel, and why we love the how of getting there! Before continuing, I am now remind you that The Quest is intended for mature readers only and note that you'll need to 1) create an account with us and surrender your date of birth or 2) pledged thrice that you are over the age of 21 each and every visit before you'll be allowed past the Stop Page when it goes live next week, after which you can be sure our team will be holding questionnaires, streaming video, and writing about the future of this new property and of MapQuest as a whole. 
 
Now, though, I'd just like to conclude this short update by telling you a bit more about myself. I grew up in Cincinnati with my father who races balloons professionally and never failed to encourage me to shoot for the clouds as a tot... except when the ceiling exceeded 14,000 feet, of course. I developed an obsession with civil infrastructure growing up - public transport, public works, urban development, etc. I spent my allowance for a whole year to become a lifetime member of the Ohio State Civic Historical, which was an amazing deal considering the Roundabouts of Ohio calendar I receive, free of charge, every year. Each one contains photographs of the same roundabouts taken from the same angle, corresponding with the same months, but - even after hanging them in my room through 20 editions, now, those roundabouts somehow manage to never disappoint.
 
I was obsessed with trade journals on electronics hardware as a young man to such an extent that I dropped out of college (having done little to nothing academically for 5 semesters anyway, if I'm honest,) and formed the origins of the research company you know know as Ditto in the basement of my friend's grandparents' old house. And yes, the rumors are true... I did actually pay taxes for a few years under the registered business name Pither, LLC. We saw some very compelling stuff go through that place, and I will no doubt be proud of what we were able to accomplish in my nearly 10 years there for the rest of my life, but a time eventually came when I needed to let my baby bird out of the nest. 
 
The decision to invest in MapQuest was a deeply sentimental one - I knew that no other buyer would be willing or able to take this name where it needs to be, and I am inexpressibly thrilled by the opportunity to take it there, especially with the help of such an ace team! Do subscribe to our feed because you'll be hearing from them right here, twice a week. 
 
Until next time! 
Theodore Pith 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
“… It’s just all blatant lies.”
“Well not all of it.”
“Well, yeah.”
…
“Not even mostof it, actually. Something like half.”
“Half.”
…
“Oh, you are aware that absolutely no one reads those, right? Except journalists, really, and we’re not doing anything the tech magazines want to hear about, trust me.”
…
“It looks like shit just there on its own.”
“Yeah, well, there’s not going to be anybody around to build any cushions physical ordigital in the next 20 minutes, so we may as well just call it a fucking devblog for now.”
“A devblog.”
…
“Yeah, which should also keep anyone and everyone away but the most tedious, maniacal journalist.”
“What about art and design?”
“Well… Even Shad Balchis sufficient for a devblog, but you should never, ever worry about visuals until the very last moment, these days. There area billion starving, extremely talented young web and graphic designers within inches of you at any time. When we close further in on that point, we’ll toss a worm out over the lake and everything will be bid down by the competition and whipped up in no time at all to a quality beyond expectation –even delivered and backed up before it even hits the water.”
“Sounds good to me.”
“Just make sure to pay them way too much, okay? You could probably multiply their fee by 10 and it wouldn’t add up to a quarter ofwhat we’d end up paying a designhouse to do it.”
“Alrighty.”
…
Pith leaned back and let his torso fall across the loveseat’s other armrest –head up, feet dangling.
“Speaking of design… you fucking nailed the look of this place.”
“I know.”
After a moment of silence between the two, they felt something dense scrape into metal somewhere below them in the building without warning –Lily could feel a sickening crunch from the floor with her feet, and Theodore noticed the office door shake. They looked at each other and then over the other’s shoulder, each fairly certain they’d correctly identified the sound they’d heard moving away from-and then back toward them, heavily muffled from somewhere outside was that of a tortured compact car’s engine held to its rev limiter. Pith was struggling preposterously to escape the loveseat by violently rocking back and forth in order to build up enough perpetual momentum to propel his heavy end over the armrest when the dreadful noise began approaching again –though muchmore alarmingly rapid than before. Lily hustled out of the office containing her struggling boss and found a street-facing window just in time to see a 
flash of dusty metallic maroon disappear into ground level of the building, two floors beneath her as she felt and heard the impact –an almost cartoonish squeak at a deafening volume –before the building’s unsettling reeling.
She closed her eyes and waiting in the settling dust to hear screaming, but then recalled the last business to leave that lot –a restaurant called “Chicken Cunts” –had finished clearing out the previous Tuesday, and so was able to find able again to take slow, deep breaths freely. A total of only four other Questers were curious enough to make their way to the window by the time she opened them again, spinning back toward her office for her phone while acknowledging and reassuring their grim murmured expletives. Theodore Pith emerged from the doorframe as she approached.
“Whuhoh. What was it?”
“I think it was a car but I’m going to call. There’s nothing down there right now, so I’m sure it’s fine.”
“Sure. I’m gonna pop down ‘n have a look.”
Nodding, they parted, Pith headed for the same window quizzingly, noticing the weary eyes turned his way, seeking an answer.
“I’m sureeverything’s fine, guys. I’ll be right back,” he shouted, extending his fingers back at them and once waving them vertically downward as he made his expediate way toward the lobby. He rounded the new, clinical stainless steel desk at reception through thedoor and the two dormant elevators outside for the stairwell without hearing anything one would generally expect shortly after their building has just been forcibly assaulted by an entire automobile. Double-down the steps he went through the drafty air ofthe well and its everpresent chlorine-scented breezes which opened him to the secondary hall –empty, still lit, alarms silent, and appearing not at all out of sorts. Over the navy blue carpet, swiveling his head between both the dark doorways of the maintenance and electrical rooms, around an L-joint, where he began to see indicators of destruction behind the CHICKEN CUNTSstickered logo on the plate-glass door at the end: chunks of plaster and a thin green stream slithering down the white tile.
Through the door –which was supposed to be locked by building policy –he saw that the event had been no cataclysm, really –a little red car had simply broken part-way through the West wall, failing even to compromise it enough to bring the section down completely, so it was snugly surrounded by the hole it punched, back wheels remaining in the Great Outdoors against the foundation’s edge. The vehicle, however, was a loss, no doubt –its nose badly grizzled, 
frothily steaming and ticking. Pith stepped through the crunching debris to better search the far driver’s side and was sharply startled by the gigantic hairy brown spider sitting on the roof –sufficiently to hoot and whoop to himself. He noticed the aggravated artistry across the distressed flank and an oblong creature in the left seat, contorted in a position his eyes had extreme difficulty comprehending, despite having a long moment to process the sight as Pith squinted and tilted his head.
“Hey scrub!” he shouted, to no observable response.
…
He crunched forward one step and pounded with his fist on the window between himself and the filthy bulges of the creature, yet it remained unstirring. He reached for the door’s black composite handle and lifted it gingerly, releasing the door in a popas it released the pile of post-apocalyptic maritime recreation to roll clumsily onto the floor, where Theodore recognized it as former MapQuest COO Peter Built after a moment.
“Heya! Mr. Built!”
Peter half opened his eyes at the ceiling and exhaled a groan, awkwardly shifting his cruddy hands to his forehead.
“Jesus man…” Pith chuckled, leaning against the wreck and glancing nervously at the unbothered Bo resting atop it.
Peter Built continued his inverbal expressions of discomfort and blinked repeatedly, rolling a few inches right and left, but abruptly halted to inhale sharply and shoot his puffy, reddened eyes at Pith’s with great mania.
“HA!” he screamed, contact unwavering.
“Are you okay..? Peter?”
…
“PHEWah!” Built roared, at once leaping up and into a squeaky sprint for the former Chicken Cunts rear exit from which Theodore had come, who stood, following the sight as he burst through its glass, stumbled, cackling to one knee, yet continued his apparently unphased forward momentum until he was gone. He looked to the spider and then back again, wondering amusedly aloud under his breath until the big bug caught his instinctive attention when he started to wander about, zigzagging as he tacked down the far slope of the roof and around a building puddle of lime green antifreeze in pursuit of his companion.
Lily Tharp had finally convinced the building manager on her fifth try that she was nota robocaller,29but in fact the top executive in charge of building matters at the Baker St. lot’s largest remaining tenantby far after he’d picked up four consecutive calls only to scream “ROBOCALL ILLEGAL! ROBOCALL ILLEGAL!” repeatedly, presumably with his phone’s receiver at the farthest possible distance from his ear until the other party (whom we know to be Ms. Tharp) would disconnect the call. Only by preparing herself for the fifth so that she bested his volume with her own rapidly repeated bellowing of “STOP IT! HEY! STOP.” had she finally persuaded him to listen enough to hear her identify herself moments before she glimpsed a blurred black tube shooting by the doorway from her periphery and heard rapid oscillating patson the new carpet. 
29 The life experiences of the Yellowleaf Group employee who’s managerial assignment included the Baker St. building would not be regarded as particularly relevant by Lily Tharp, but for the sake of thoroughness, it should be noted that he had been receiving extremely ominous automated calls for two straight days from his physician’s office because their telecom engineer had mistakenly deleted most of its automated script template. When he’d answered the calls, instead of hearing “Hello. This is an appointment reminder notice from the office of Doctor Edward Ngà…,” the voice greeted him only with “hello” before waiting in silence until he disconnected. 
“Yes, this is Lily from MapQuest at 1555 Baker St.-”
“Uh huh.”
“Yeah! I was calling about something serious you should prob-”
“Okay, okay… You needto tell me… exactly… what’s… happening, okay?”
“Ye-”
“…exactly.”
Lily got on her feet to peer out her doorway both ways, still holding the phone to her ear.
“I understand. I will try… to be as precise as I can, okay?”
She saw no tube,but did notice Maggie at the bar across the way was looking the direction of the restroom hallway, failing to stifle her giggling with her right wrist to her upper lip.
“Going on fifteen minutes ago now, a car-”
“Okay that’s great! Because you know peoplecall me angry with all these problemslike ‘a pipe burst,’ or ‘the shower is overflowing and I think the sink’s clogged, but you know I just divorced my husband of eight years and shaved the fuckin’ thing for the first time since,’ or ‘help me help mee, my cat’s in the microwave and I just set it to cook for two hours,’ and always with this anger in their voices like I have time for that! Like I wanna hear you, complaining about ya stupid life in the middle of the goddamn day! Like I don’t have nothin’ betta to do!”
Maggie made the mistake of glancing over and locking eyes with Lily, who firmly asked her with the extreme altitude to which she raised her eyebrows to take immediate care of whatever the hell thatwas.
“It’s just that a carhas driven into our building!”
“Oh my god! What? A car?”
“Yes, a few minutes ago, I saw a car drive through the wall where Chicken Sluts was.”
…
“Into the side of the building, oh my god!”
Maggie was on the move on the tube’s trail, head unnaturally forward, leading the way to the back, her arms unnaturally still as she plodded with a black earbud cable bouncing on her neck. Lily leaned out the opening to watch her round the corner before Theodore Pith startled her from behind with his muffled chuckle as he tried to nudge past, but realized the transgression and mouthed sorry, clicking his tongue and making his way back to the loveseat. Lily decided the best course of action in the face of her rambling phone contact was to leave the phone on speaker with him so that she could investigate herself.
“He knows who we are… try and tell him what’s going on if he ever stops talkin, or just hang up. It probably doesn’t matter.”
She looked at him and pointed at the handset as she switched it over, placed it down on the desk, back-first, and whirled out of the office once more, nose in the air.
“Oh my god… How stupid can you be?! Where do all these idiots come from? You drive your car through an office building?! In the middle of the damned city? Who the helltaught them anything? I swear to god… I just don’t know what to say sometimes, you know. I don’t know what to say, I don’t know what to do… And all these angry people call me and all they really want is somebody to yell at, but it’s my job, you know. I’ve gotta answer the phone and listen to all these every day –can’t understand them half the time –gotta listen to all these maniacs scream about lead in the pipes or asbestos in the walls because their allergies get bad when it’s they themselveswho go out every Sunday to pick up anotherdusty-ass wardrobe off the curb so they can blog about refurbishing an antique, and by that they mean covering it in some $50 bright peppermint paint from Lowe’s they find out later doesn’t dryon wood, so all they’ve done is make a piece-a-trash old wardrobe so ugly and visibly sticky to the touch that it never even breaks a $40 bid on eBay, so they sell it to their Mom when she comes up for Easter, who’ll end 
up dumping it on her curb before Jesus is risen even one more time, and the whole damned cycle of wasted money will repeat again some other mother’s daughter arrives on a Sunday to bring it home in her Volvo who’s allergies it will alsoexacerbate, and guess whothey’re gonna call to threaten with legal action?”
…
Pith recognized the pause and hurriedly inhaled to reply, but was a moment too late.
“I-”
“I just don’t know about this. I’m so damned tired of it all… but ya know somebody’s gotta do it and it must be way worse out on the coasts…”