CHAPTER 3


As the trio exited the Baker St. headquarters, five brawny mercenaries in gargantuan cargo shorts silently climbed out of a Volvo SUV 1,200 miles West under a red-swathed, beautifully late-sunrise sky o’er the parking lot of a suburban Oakland Trader Joe’s. Instinctively, four promptly fanned out behind the fifth point in a pseudotactical formation as they crossed the rutted asphalt to the sliding automatic door, and instinctively, they formed up once more to enter it, ruthlessly retracting a shopping cart each in perhaps the most efficient manner five human beings have ever done so. With their comically small vehicles (none of the men was shorter than six foot one; none less than 230 lbs.,) they fanned out again –still wordless –in an even distribution across the aisles to the existential astonishment of the three, groggy-eyed cashiers on the opening floor.
Were you to snag the security camera footage –perhaps even just that of the wide-angled unit at the far end of the store –you’d be responsible for a swiftly-Bacterial Internet Video, no doubt. The men each produced a PDA as they infected the empty rows of goods at almostexactly the same, clinical pace –looking to double check a list they unanimously knew by memory, anyway. #1 grabbed 3 gallons of organic, grass-fed whole milk, 2 gallons of high-pulp, fresh-squeezed orange juice, 3 cartons of organic, free-range eggs, 74ounces of organic, certified-humane goat cheese, 1 16-oz. container of organic cottagecheese, and an entire, 7.5 lb. wheel of organic parmigiano reggiano. #2 went for premium, organic canned goods. #3 ordered two each of nine cuts of the best stead available from the bewildered butcher… and so on.
Less than ten minutes after they’d arrived, the entire crew descended upon the checkout lanes with nearly a quarter-ton of combined merchandise, but the staff had prepared –a panic over the radio had even drawnout the General Managerto occupy a lane, and the lot –usually annoyingly friendly (they were paid very well to be so) –were almost completely silent, reflecting the curt intensity of their massive, intimidating customers throughout the ordeal. It turned out to be mostly unnecessary –the last hulk out turned his crew-cut head and forty-pound neck to smile and wave.
“Have a good one,” he said.
The fivesome pushed their carts to the car, the plastic bags crackling a cacophony. The tailgate was lifted and the rear stuffed full –the last man piled the remainder in the laps of the other three passengers as they sat, chuckling at the vehicle’s visible, squat burden as he aggregated the empty carts and jogged them back to the stack. The driver followed shortlyafter to pick him up and the whole, fully-loaded operation proceeded to the freeway, chariot slogging under the load.
...
Lenny snorted a healthy bump from the tip of his knife in the back of the Mulsanne as Pith diced the blow with a Kroger Discount card atop an original Guttenberg Bible8in the next seat. 
8 Stolen from the Hohenberg family library in Northern Illinois in Theodore’s adolescence – a crime for which he had yet to be convicted. The fore and end pages were plentiful and had been used – as was tradition for many old German families – as a neue-Chronicles to maintain a record of genealogy through births, deaths, etc. Pith had found it particularly edgy and blasphemous to simply continue his own intermittent diary on the ancient pages following. It’d been a good while since he found this practice entertaining, however – his equivalent adulthood purpose for the volume was a surface for cutting drugs. 
“Jesus wept,” he said.
The job was less than arduous –it was the good stuff.
“This has the potential to become your first good joke,” noted Tharp from the driver’s seat.
“Have –had you ever done this before?” asked Lather, sniffing and swallowing with his drip, at once impressed and surprised that he’d retained his ability to speak in correct tenses.
“Technically, yeah, but it’s been a helluva while.” Pith arranged himself two gluttonous parallel lines before retrieving a bespoke sterling silver straw from his breast pocket.
“It used to be small-town newspapers –two years ago, if memory serves.”9 
9 In a maniacal frenzy in late-2015, Pith had purchased eight struggling little newsrooms in various states of neglect: The Lupus Ledger, The Columbus (Alabama) Chronicle, The Cadence, Maryville, and Elk Mountain Times, The Kaycee Daily, The Lyman Register, and The Superior Sun. One of his favorite pastimes was drafting & mailing one or two of them an occasional brutally, obviously-plagiarius op-ed under an assumed (and utterly ridiculous) name, before separately demanding through the bureaucracy that they be published in order to launch the staff into an editorial, ethically-trying nightmare. If they gave in, he won the game – if not, they’d be (sometimes literally) backslapped and congratulated to no end. 
“A badjoke,” said Lily.
“Not a joke, by the way –some would call it philanthropy.”
“Uh huh... Wack.”
“I think they’re all a lot better off now, and don’t tell anyone, but my faith in local journalism is one hundred percent sincere, hand on heart.” He pointed the straw at the first line and proceeded to lap it up, thumb on opposite nostril. Reeling, he then carefully passed the 
Lord’s Word & silver hoover to Lenny, stifling the fiend’s temptation to once again attack his steno pad.
“Uh.” Tharp turned in want for alarm to watch two police interceptors in full, angry blues ’n’ twos speed by the hastily-arrested traffic in the oncoming lane to slide and haltingly screech in front of 1555 Baker St., from whence the three had just come. “That’s overreacting.”
“Great for the scrapbook though!” Pith smiled and looked at the camera bag by Lenny’s feet, then to his eyes, then to the bag, and back again, but it was no use –he was fucking slammed, eyes lost in Theo’s salmon and yellow reflection in his window, and their light was green. The scene of the crime was soon out of sight.
“You know, federal prison would be fascinating,” he added, slapping his thigh.
Lily scoffed.
“You’d be fucked.”
“You could come with, I’m sure! It’d be a riot! You could infiltrate the guards… Or, hey! You could apply for a wardenship. That’s real you.”
“You don’t want to know how much that’d cost you.”
“Actually…”
...
The Volvo exited the swiftly-congesting freeway and its haggard multitude of late-week commuters for Nob Hill, the San Franciscan angles seriously testing its overloaded suspension and the precarious arrangement of its occupancy. The driver took 6th St. South, descending through cafes and theaters to video stores and payday loan offices before parking adjacent Market St. Hazards on, he fished his mobile phone from the center console and made a call.
“We’re standing by,” he said, but a tremendous turbodiesel whistle interrupted him from the other end.
…
“We’re waiting.”
…
“I said… WE ARE HERE.”
…
“… HERE.”
A pause. Morewhistling and the trailing end of a garbled scream.
“..AAT?!”
Exasperated, the driver removed the phone from his ear and began melodramatically pounding out a text message with his ginormous thumbs –backspacing, mostly –clicking and popping over the steady ticking of the hazards. From behind the huge artisanal cheese wheel, a passenger loudly cleared his throat. After a few extraordinarily difficult minutes, the brute in the front seat finally decided to turn with his lap-bound bundle of full egg cartons and share the crude joke he’d been sitting on with the three abreast behind him, but was interrupted by the sight of a rogue city garbage truck turning through the intersection of the prior block. He tapped the driver’s shoulder and gestured generally rear before slumping back (as much as was possible for a man of his size) in the seat, frowning.
Staying the ticking, he pulled out, garbage truck now in tow, and began the descent to the Tenderloin District and its bleak spectacle of waking homeless. Up and down the lines of them they went, stubby necks craning –tracing a search pattern in the dilapidated, pothole-ridden grid. After fifteen minutes, the driver’s eyes began to flirt more and more worryingly with the alarming display of the fuel gauge, but then he spied his prey, finally, across from where they waited at a red light for nobody –six men in ragged coats; two sitting on the ledge of a concrete retaining wall bordering a pitiful garden containing nothing but a handful of weeds at its 
epicenter,one prone in a sleeping bag at their feet, and the rest forming a semicircle around a black steel trashcan with a wide, well-ashed rim.
“Alrighty then,” he sighed, running the red. The garbage truck didn’t hesitate to follow and the convoy parked directlyand evenly in front of the bin. In an almost ballet-like unified coordination, the occupants of both vehicles egressed –the four Big Men holding the handles of the bulging grocery bags they’d cradled in their laps, the fifth headed rearward for his own handful; the two high visibility jacket-swaddled waste disposal crew, one carried a roll of standard black trash liners, the other stuffed both hands in his pockets –to the undivided attention of their audience, including the occupant of the sleeping bag, who’d rolled over at the noise as if to say do you mind, but remained silent. The two groups formed lines, facing one another –seven on six. The two men on the ledge descended to their feet without thinking, expecting some kind of trouble from this lot.
“Hey!” one shouted, but there was no response save for the rustling of the plastic bags held still. They stood that way, searching each other’s eyes for a full minute –an eternity, but not a one of the street’s original, rightful six had formed any theories. Finally, the driver stepped forward and with his left hand swung a bag full of smaller, limper bags full of fresh vegetables so 
that it rested on the lip of the trashcan. He fixed his eyes on those of the sleeping bag man –by now sitting up with his gloved palms flat on the ground behind him, wearing an explicitly puzzled set of eyebrows –and began deliberately pulling the produce out with his right hand, one by one, only to throw them straight into the can’s opening with building aggression. A beet, two carrots between two fingers, a series of onions… All surrendered immediately to the black, fetid abyss. He went on like this –eyes unwavering –until his bag was empty and he turned, wadding it up to toss it in the gutter, where it began immediately toopen again and travel away in the breeze.
The next two stepped up with their load and began upon the same. Bananas, individually peeled off the bundle, then Granny Smiths –faster and faster –Red -then Golden Delicious, lemons, oranges, half a dozen grape vines, handfuls of kiwi, a whole bag of cauliflower heads. Theirs filled it to the brim and they stepped aside for the second trash man to remove the lid, coax the drawstring of the bag off the inner container’s lip, and hoist the whole up and out of the basket to the ground, where he quickly tied the top into a knot and set off with it for the truck as the first tore a new liner from his roll to replace it. He held the bag with both hands, whipping 
its expansion with the wind, then shoving his right hand into it and down the basket, wrapping the end around the outside, replacing the heavy lid, stepping away for the next two.
“Hey… what the fuck man?” The sleeping bag man’s voice –unused for the better part of a day –was mostly lost to the wind, but it would have been futile, regardless. With purpose, the process was repeated –three trashcans full of the freshest high-dollar groceries, coldly… hatefully deposited –until the lot was depleted and both mercenaries and disposal men returned wordlessly to their respective vehicles and sped off in opposite directions, leaving nothing but horrid offense and a small storm of crinkled plastic bags bearing the words THANK YOU in dark, Trader Joe’s green.