CHAPTER 4


The ruckus they had left took a few minutesto build, but those clouds in the glass were beginning to make way for the Spring sun and the implications of what had just occurred filled the office with it, albeit less warmly. They reflected coldly between the spheres of colored furniture and Peter Built noticed for the first time how much iridescence they’d lost since his and his company’s Last Chance, six years ago. In a single 2012 push, they’d completely redesigned themselves –both their space and their service, pushing further into mobile for salvation, despite the fact that every one of their competitors would completely outclass them, there, from the get-go –as yet fruitlessly –and he still abhorred with his whole being the tryhard quirk of both opposing languages, just as he had then. They’d hired a San Francisco firm that specialized in offbeat interior architecture, and the whole project had taken just five months, but it was now hard to believe that it had not been obvious how poorly the space would age, and yet –anything 
more tasteful than the inelegance of the out-of-style-for-several-years factor would have been dishonest.
He started the float back to his own vulgar partition and desk –now beginning to bake in the high sun –where his phone was indicating all signs of being paged. Now was not the time. He hovered over the receiver and was stricken with a fantasy: surely, he could make it out the door to the adjacent parking lot with a minimal chance of interception –and even if he was intercepted, he could simply push the interceptee into oblivion–to his car, which he could drive in triple digitsto I-25 –he’d never been pulled over for speeding, so surely some form of roadway Karma would serve him –then North for only what, fifteen? sixteen hours?and he’d be freed by the mythical lakes of North Dakota… or Minnesota, perhaps, where he could drop off the grid and fish from a the simple serenity of an eleven foot john boat with his own homemade tackle for how many years? before his savings ran out. Correction: theirsavings –his wife,Ingrid’s and his. She could come too!She would agree to it, with enough pleading, he thought. But by that time, the 
“heat” would surely be “on” them.10No, he refuted, defeating himself as he picked up the warm receiver and put it to his ear. 
10 Were Peter to act on this fantasy, Ingrid would have agreed to leave everything ninety-two minutes into his argument, but – ironically – the couple would’ve been pulled over ninety-two miles into their Northbound trip by a rare Wyoming State Trooper named Dennis Churd for doing ninety-two miles per hour, who would discover in running his license number that Peter was not legally allowed to drive in the State of Wyoming because of an accident with a Cheyenne school bus on a trip to see his college girlfriend before he thought he could afford auto insurance in 1992. He hadn’t shown up for his court date, but a rainstorm had crept into the far-Southern Wyoming sky in the wait, and booking the two would’ve meant missing The Big Game on his home television – scheduled in ninety-two minutes – for Dennis, so he would have briefly scolded them, making them well-aware of what he could do with Peter for driving twelve miles an hour over the speed limit on a suspended license (but certainly not of why he didn’t intend to) before doing nothing but suggest that they slow down. This would’ve further encouraged Peter’s faith in his stock of Driving Karma, which would nevertheless fail to provide any more confidence in his immunity for the rest of the trip, traveled firmly at or below the speed limit. 
…
“Peter?”
…
“Mr. Built… the police are here,” said Madge, at the front desk, spooling up his excitement once again.
“What?...”
“The police are here. I called the police.”
…
“Those people threatened me! I called 9-1-1!”
… and he was defeated again, fantasizing now about ripping open the top-right drawer of his desk to grab a boxy Glock handgun (that was notactually contained within,) and blowing his brains onto the detestable colors of the inner wall so that Madge (and presumably, the police she had summoned) would hear the blunt blast through both her headset and the open office.
…
“Mr. Built?”
…
“I’ll be right up.”
He threw down the phone and miserably flummoxed his attempt to half-leap over the desk, funneling the intensity of his resulting shame into a furious beeline march past Barney and Edgar, who had resumed discussing the timetable of his new television purchase in even furtherdetail, oblivious to the volcanic upswell of his deskmate’s internal peril. Blimp was writhing visibly in the Genesis of hyperventilation, cold sweating through goosebumps, rocking to and fro in his $2000 chair. A part of him, removed, was now fully aware of –and supremely alarmed by –the hot, raging toil that was rapidly occupying the controlling faculties of his system to a 
soundtrack of distorted, infinitely multiplicative instances of that same, spirited performance of Rule Britannia.
After remaining unnoticed in the same position for the better part of an hour, he suddenly shot violently to his feet, flinging the chair against Edgar’s to stand rigidly with his hands at his sides. The whole present MapQuest population had by now stuffed the space full –most feeling mostly helpless, looking down at their hands, leaning against tables, walls, or chairbacks while the rest traded in hushed hypothesis. Barney surveyed them, moving only his head, slowly –a crazed turret atop his inelastic form.
A.r.o.-o.-.o-.o.-ose..from o.ut.th¸e.a-.a-a-.z.ure m.a.i.n..
His breathing still quickening, he clenched his fists in the overwhelming noise.
L.o.u.d.bla.s.t.a.bo.v.e .u.s.,..l.oud .b.las¸t th.at.t.e.a.r.s.the..ski.es.
“…arndog! Barney!”
In his ignorance, Edgar thought of his behavior as nothing more than a subject to tease –yelling for Blimp, The Corporate Playmateas he returned the chair, back-first with both unwashed hands.
Mo.re dre.-e-.e.-.e-.e.adf.u.l..f.r.om.ea.ch.fore.ig¸n.str.o.k.e.!
“Hey BARN-dog, what’s the deal?”
Barney whirled around in a lightening fashion, stealing the chair from his hands and hoisting it –in no mild frenzy –above his head, howling.
S.t.il.l m.ore m.a.je-.e-.e.s.tic.s.ha.lt.t.hou..rise¸,
Edgar’s smirk was still in the process of disappearing as Barney brought –with the fullest potential intertia –the whole mass of the thing down upon his nose, castor-first.
M¸or.e.dread.f.u.l, d.r.ea.dful.f.ro.m..e.a.c.h .f.o.reig.n.s¸tr.ok.e,
“FUCK,” he squealed from under the disjointed heap, toppling to the floor. Barney let go of the lot and set about kicking it with extremely vigorous fury. Edgar’s cry had definitively captured the attention of the crowd; the previously positing of the bunchturned instead to gasping. Both computer displays were lifted high, torn from their cables, and pounded into him with the same veracity and degenerative shrieking.
S.e.r.ves but.to.r.o-.o-.o-o.t..t.hy..nati.ve.o.a.k!
Not lost enough in that oh-so-intolerable carpeting, Barney’s screaming intermittently dipped into feral, unnatural cackling as he turned away from Edgar’s squirms and began devouring all of their shared workspace’s contents that could possibly be manipulated into his 
furious maw. First, all three thumbdrives –one from his own tower; two from the corner dust behind the rings of dried cola where the bases of the displays had been. Still swallowing repeatedly to ingest the lump of the last, he started on his own aluminum computer tower, punching its plastic front over and over again until its compact disc tray opened obediently to reveal an ancient bootleg driver installation CD sporting a stick-on label in Comic Sans,11which he violently plucked up and folded, cracking it into 3, then 12, then 36 pieces before proceeding to devour the dusty, glassy mess in handfuls. Complacent with his consumption, he moved on to the next row of used workstations, kicking over anything that stood, gurgling through the blood that now flowed from his mouth. 
11 The disc contained the installation drivers for an Intel CS-630 “Pocket PC Camera,” which Blimp had mistakenly torrented instead of Seasons 4-6 of M*A*S*H*, eight months prior. As such, the label incorrectly read “Season 4.” 
At reception, Peter Built was absently addressing two rotundly uniformed, absently present officers –the taller of whom looked to be no more than ten years old (so absolutely that it was by far the most alarming issue present in all four minds, including his.) The young Madge Teeth made it plain that concern for her own safety had prompted her call, above all else, and 
was yet the only party who had paid any mind to the menacing noises coming from the deeper office.
“You need to understand, this visit was just routine.”
“Routine?”
“Yeah, routine.”
…
“It wasn’t scheduled –I had no-”
“That was my own failing –I assumed an office-wide Slack message would be enough. Obviously, I assumed incorrectly.”
Despite the placement of his right hand on his chest and a forward tilt of his receded hairline, Peter’s self-criticism didn’t seem to take, so he continued.
“Truthfully, it’s all my fault. This is all just a misunderstanding –I should’ve taken steps to keep everyone better informed –especially Ms. Teeth, of course –but no crime has been committed here.”
Madge stood behind her five hundred dollar swiveling bar stool, hands clasped together on her skirt front where they awkwardly remained as she craned her neck around the wall divide 
to ogle Barney Blimp –now profusely bleeding from his mouth and hands, coughing up shingles of plastic and glass –setting his delirium upon the “City Park” common area and its center stack of business literature.12Her eyes widened as he rolled up a two week old issue of Fortunein order to semi-successfully scarf it down like a chili dog. Elsewhere, two exposed cables from a power supply had shorted, igniting a section of drywall and the surrounding outmoded carpet. Squeals penetrated the swift spawn of black smoke as the sprinkler system abruptly drenched the entire populace. Madge languidly returned her attention –still wide-eyed, now soaking –to the preposterous scene in reception. 
12 Part of Madge Teeth’s job – as the last remaining unofficial minder of the state of the office environment – was to maintain a small selection of bi- and triweekly business magazines for a long nonexistent visitorship to browse while waiting for an audience with management. Of course, due to the nonexistence of it all, the actual selection – once populated with the most current copies of Wired, Inc., Fast Company, The Harvard Business Review, etc. – had grown quite dated, and would have – were it not for the building’s stellar industrial HEPA-grade air-filtration system – surely acquired a healthy topping of dust. 
Neither officer had moved nor spoken –their four, dull eyes had remained, unblinking, on Chief Technical Officer Peter Built as he continued to rephrase his apologetic explanation in a futile haste for some action from his audience at increasing volume over the rapid beeping of the fire alarm, lips dripping and spitting.
“We were acquired last week rather suddenly, you see, and our new owner is a bit eccentric.”
…
“I wasn’t told he was going to visit this morning until thirty minutes after my arrival.”
…
Peter –no veteran of law enforcement interaction from his societal and social position –thought he would try altering his language a bit to sound as close as possible to that of their inter-cop dialogue to bridge whatever obstacle there was between them. He considered the terms he knew from crime television: suspect, pursuit, informant… But none fit, and his recollection was expeditiously exhausted.
“Communication with his people has been sparse, hectic, and frankly rude, you know,” he said, chuckling emptily through the downpour. The buildup of water in his eyelashes was becoming critical but he couldstill see the officers well enough to perceive their apparent lack of all perception, to his exasperation. Over the discord of the alarm and the shower from the depths of the office came another especially aggressive war cry followed sequentially by a distressed chorus of both male and female shrieks.
“My sincere apologies for wasting your time, gentlemen. Naturally, the company can take care of any fines you’d normally collect for this sort of thing.” He gave in to the urge to rub empty his stinging eyes as a group from sales filed between Peter and the officers holding laptops and binders over their faces, bound for the door. Madge gathered her bag and her shoes and followed the herd to the stairwell.
“No, you know what?” Peter fished out his wallet from his jacket and thumbed out a few pasty, sogging fifties.
“I can just take care of it myself, right now. How about that?”
He stepped forward –cash and hand outstretched and dribbling in alms to the two, whose eyes followed it vaguely in thirst –their first significant expression. The three stood unmoving in that way for a moment as more fleeing employees shuffled around them, eyeing the exchange in progress without any remaining care or registration.
“Look, it doesn’t matter. Just take it!”
…
“Just take itand go! Please!”
…
Hesitantly, the preteen-looking one obliged, pinching the wad between stubby forefinger and thumb before waddling in tow of the refugees, partner just behind, waddling in tow of him. Two programmers dragged a battered, bleating Edgar byhis armpits over the floor in front of Peter Built, who watched on with an insubstantial frown, wet wallet still in hand. Distractedly, he turned against the steady current of evacuating employees to his office, where he sat in front of his ruinous desktopiiand began constructing another revised off-grid fishing fantasy, still oblivious to the torrent and the pungency of the burned plastic smell which had circulated throughout. 
Also unaffected by the same –but nevertheless losing momentum –Barney Blimp’s rampage had grown in creativity despite having lost its entire spectatorship. He’d managed to entangle a giant, sparking chain of printers, monitors, towers, and peripherals which he dragged with great effort across the feces he had uniformly deposited over both conference tables in the presentation room. If there was any Final Vision which his new, out-of-control self was trying to achieve with all of its trouble, it was not evident to any of the conscious parts of him, nor to any of the three Great Big Firemen who arrived to the odorous corporate apocalypse just as the sprinkler system’s reserve had been finally depleted.
There are still two left in the building, the crowd downstairs had said. But immediately, there was only the one –the drenched Chief Technical Officer Peter Built, who found the intervention of his fantasies by the Great Big Man sent to retrieve him rather obtuse, but he complied with his request to be accompanied out of the building, smothering his irritation in a most British way13–a prefaced apology for the behavior he was aboutto exhibit. 
13 The genealogy of Mr. Built is not particularly relevant, but for the sake of thoroughness, it could be summed as “overwhelmingly Liverpool.” 
14 The design of the Denver Fire Department logo is not particularly relevant, but for the sake of thoroughness, it could be summed as almost deliberately confusing. The acronym F-D-D clearly proved a difficult one to aggrandize and brand as the result looks more or less like someone large (a fireman, perhaps) had smashed a harp over the medieval initials “F||D” before wrapping and shucking its strings around the whole bit to make the vandalism as menacing as possible. 
“Sorry if I come across rather annoyed –I was just distracted you know,” he explained as he was led firmly by the elbow down the steps.
“I really do appreciate the service.”
The remaining Great Big pair in black t-shirts with identically-cracking Denver Fire Department crests14and identically-patterned sweat stains spread out carefully –as their discipline dictated –to search the ghostly ruin of MapQuest’s remaining (and yet defiantly ghastly) crown jewel for the hopeful survivor of… this act of domestic terrorism. Each Great Big independently noted the particularly off-putting color palette of the space but –neither quite 
secure in their own respective aesthetic authority –nosuch criticism was verbally expressed. Neither, however, shared the same failing confidence regarding their comprehension of mobile software design. 
“Hey, MapQuest!” noted Great Big 1.
“Hey, yeah, I think I got this app,” replied Great Big 2, stepping over the disturbing spectacle of a flickering display lying against the spider web-shattered safety glass of a smaller collaborative “Huddle Room,” valiantly attempting to reproduce the color-inverted playback of a lewd elementary stick figure animation.
“Man, I haven’t thought about MapQuest in forever. There’s an app?”
“Yeah, it’s great –I still use it when we help move Barb’s clients. Lot better than Google Maps, man,” said Great Big 2, and –were the office itself a perceptive, thinking organism, it would’ve suffered in that moment, observing the perfection of this organic, freewheeled, unleashed, reconceptualizedmarketing opportunity that was flinging, unharnessedinto the ether –but it was not sentient (fortunately in just about any other conceivable context,) so the organic ad copy genius of the Great Bigs would go forever unappreciated, though their courageous and seriously juiceddemeanor would serve each well in their chosen, infamously-underpaid profession, even (or 
especially) then, as they discovered the trailing end of a great incomprehensible train of decimated computer equipment weaving around the door jamb of the dark Server Room. Great Big 2 fished his Great Big flashlight from his Great Big belt, but its Great Big batteries appeared to be exhausted completely –shaking it repeatedly didn’t seem to do the trick –so he produced his Great Big smartphone and –after a Great Big wait of more screen tapping with his Great Big fingers than could’ve possiblybeen necessary –the Light-Emitting Diodecame to and revealed at the end of the mass in its gaze the nude, blood-soaked husk of the unconscious MapQuest Senior Programmer, Barney Blimp.
“Jesus,” said the Great Bigs.